in a town just like your town if your
town was a dream that's beautiful
live the grumpiest grouch the world has
ever seen
[Music]
you're mean one mr. dreams you as cuddly
as a cactus
oh what's that as an eel and checkmate
again
[Music]
the mayor was Christmas to be three
times bigger this year for 53 years
Christmas has brought me nothing but
misery I become Santa Claus to steal
their Christmas sir if he could deliver
it in one night then I can steal it what
Santa happen I don't that's hurtful this
perfectly recreates a mating call of the
reindeer the home oh hey there sorry
little goat I was calling for a rest
the Grinch is loudest snow I never heard
it my life
[Music]
what are you doing okay
[Applause]
[Music]